Fix (#4159)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/headless-cms/03-03-markdown-documents.md

type: Details
---

> The DocsTopic or ClusterDocsTopic custom resource supports various documentation formats, including Markdown (`.md`) documents. Each `.md` file must consist of two parts: metadata and content. The following example illustrates the required structure: 

Author: ```suggestion
The DocsTopic or ClusterDocsTopic CR supports various documentation formats, including Markdown (`.md`) documents. Each `.md` file must consist of two parts: metadata and content. The following example illustrates the required structure: 
```
